make accessToken an io to use gh app's expiring tokens (#567)
47degrees/github4s: microsite/docs/docs.md

In order to access the Github API, you will need to have [an access token][access-token] with the
appropriate scopes (i.e. if you want to create gists, your token will need to have the gist scope).

> A personal token lives forever, github app's one has to be re-issued every hour. 
> Implementation of [github app][github_app] authentication involves 3rd party libraries like jwt and is left for the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A personal token can be valid forever. However, the ones issued for [Github Apps][github-app] have to be re-issued every hour. 
To solve that issue, github4s provides [AccessToken][access-token-scala] which you can hook into to provide authentication for your app using third-party libraries such as JWT implementations, for example.
You can find the default implementation for static tokens in [StaticAccessToken][static-access-token-scala].
```

added by default.

[access-token]: https://github.com/settings/tokens

> [github_app]: https://github.com/settings/apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[github-app]: https://github.com/settings/apps
[access-token-scala]: https://github.com/47degrees/github4s/blob/master/github4s/src/main/scala/github4s/algebras/AccessToken.scala
[access-token-scala]: https://github.com/47degrees/github4s/blob/master/github4s/src/main/scala/github4s/interpreters/StaticAccessToken.scala
```
